Update IDE cell documentation, general IDE docs (#1722)
astronomer/docs: astro/cloud-ide/quickstart.md

## Step 3: Create a Python cell

Cells are the building blocks for pipelines. They can complete a unit of work, such as a Python function or SQL query, or they can define assets for use throughout your pipeline. For this quickstart, you'll write a Python cell named `hello_world`.

1. In the **Pipeline** list, click the name of the pipeline you created in step 2.
2. Click **Add Cell** and select **Python**. A new cell named `python_1` appears.
3. Click the cell's name and rename the cell `hello_world`.

> 4. Add the following line to the cell body:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Add the following code to the cell:
```

  :::info

>   SQL cell query results are stored in XComs and are not accessible outside of your data pipeline. To save the results of a SQL query, run it in a SQL warehouse cell. See [Run SQL](cloud-ide/run-sql.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 SQL cell query results are stored in XComs and are not accessible outside of your data pipeline. To save the results of a SQL query, run it in a SQL warehouse cell. See [Run SQL](cloud-ide/run-sql.md).
```

   ![New dependency graph](/img/cloud-ide/data-dependency.png)

> You can generate dependencies between any two types of cells. See the following documentation to learn more about each possible data dependency:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can generate dependencies between any two cell types. To learn more about data dependencies, see the following documentation:
```
